[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna help Dan Cain through his
loneliness with bride of re-animator
let's get to it
we opened deep in the jungles of Peru
where we find West and Cain enlisted in
the service of a guerilla army doing
field surgery this is right up their
alley as it allows for some sloppy
technique and they have plenty of
secondary use for the unfortunate
soldiers Dan wants to leave as things
get lively on the battlefield ah Dan but
there's so much test fodder and iguanas
but the mortars make this decision for
them and they're forced to fight their
way out solidifying their loyalties or
somehow back at Miskatonic hospital
where dan and herbert are treating a
patient for some reason who has sick
don't say that in front of Herbert and
then Dan takes her off for some
unspecified but routine surgery despite
the return the events of eight months
ago haven't been totally forgotten we
learned this as lieutenant Chapman
visits dr. graves and pathology to
present some newly discovered evidence
hey that's some fine evidence he got
their graves gives him the rundown on
the mysteriously well preserved specimen
from the massacre and the mysterious
substance dr. hill was working on you
know if only there was some way or
someone to investigate all these
mysteries I was planning on doing that
first thing in the morning as a matter
of fact Oh perfect they also note the
curious recent disappearances of random
body parts right as West slides in to
make some choice selections and gets his
delicate little fingers on Megan's heart
this comes in handy later Wednesday and
decides he wants to do more saving than
butchering and plans to move out so West
hooks him back in with Meg's heart and
helps him see the end result with a
subtle visualization like a veteran
salesman but before he can pull a
commitment the doorbell rings it's the
police who West's regards with the same
disdain as all authority figures he
takes a moment to set out his suspicions
and then sees himself out back at
pathology dr. graves actually gets
around to doing some work quickly
deducing and confirming the reagents
purpose who's somewhat to his detriment
and just think you could have been doing
this for the last eight months to make
up for lost time
his face to experiment involves
reanimating dr. hills head he tries to
show off his cool new trick but he'll
plays like Michigan J frog causing
graves to almost immediately begin
questioning his own sanity meanwhile Dan
and Herbert are acquiring fresh
materials while
and watches turns out the damn dog
belongs to Francesca their Peruvian
friends from Italy dan quickly steps up
like wassup girl how you live in and
secures a date for later that evening we
learned that with West's new reagents
building new creations is as easy as
screwing some pieces together as
slathering them with the substance
Francesca arrives for their date while
Chapman stuffs his face outside his
favorite part of a stakeout
Francesca introduces dan to her special
sauce a family recipe comprised of ragu
in Sri Racha and then Dan gives her the
sauce upstairs if you know what I mean
Oh Inc back in the sub-basement West
gets bored eventually wandering up where
Chatham has moved his stakeout to their
living room he's done waiting and
investigating like a chump it's time to
push people around and smash [ __ ] up so
West chloroform's his way out of the
situation like always Dan discovers his
deeds and starts to freak but he had no
choice and and hear me out this could be
a test of the heart injection technique
they had planned for Meg it works but
Chatham trashes their tailgating cooler
and things get sloppy again he locks
them in and runs off but doesn't leave
before thrashing Francesca's dog which
she brought on her first date the boys
breakout and Dan comforts Francesca
while West makes off with the remains
and starts getting crafty when Francesca
comes calling in her loyal companion and
gives her mainly how do she runs away in
terror Dan tries to clear his mind and
connect with something real but ends up
boring Gloria to death they go in hard
to try to save her and I come to the
realization then we never got
confirmation that they actually finished
medical school afterward west orders her
remains straight to cremation making off
with his bucket he reveals his prize to
Dan and then sells the hell out of the
project by noting the value and sanctity
of all the individual parts after
diddling some tendon stands in we're
bringing back Meg back with graves we
see that he'll still has his telepathic
abilities and listing the help of
Chapman forcing graves to modify him on
the way out the lieutenant forces
Francesca to nibble his stump before
wreaking havoc on the floor taking any
and all reanimated bodies with him back
with the boys there awaiting the
reanimation of Meg when the doorbell
rings West finds a courier is left a
major award of some type and he cracks
it open to find dr. hill trying to be a
Zoomer
please downstairs meg wakes up and gets
a birthday smooch before Dan presents
her to West and Francesca then all the
other monsters bust in and they have to
barricade themselves back downstairs dan
starts to have the slow realization that
their creation is not Meg
any meaningful way and the girls start
to get catty unsurprisingly we find that
having someone's heart doesn't make you
behave in a particular way the power of
love the ladies go back and forth is
everyone breaks in and starts grabbing
throats
however the monsters offensive suffers
from infighting and tissue rejection our
main group tries to exit through the
back but are greeted by West's freak
factory while dr. Hill flaps around like
a maniac and then there's a miraculous
cave in that in tombs all but Dade and
Francesca and that was bride of
reanimate er Lovecraftian adaptation of
the Frankenstein story which implies
that Diana's West's imperfect creation
how poetic
if you enjoyed the video I'd love for
you become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching